DAZHI PENG: Hi, Jeff, we're gonna use. Let's talk about the data scripting for that. You guys have all this for you coming along.
Jeffrey Feng: Hey, Dodger, we are so bit stuck with scraping some of the websites on our list. Some of them are dynamic, and I couldn't get the data we need.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, and i'm new to this task. So I was wondering if you could help us out.
DAZHI PENG: Of course I will be having your help. What is specifically do you need help with.
Jeffrey Feng: Well, many websites seem dynamic, so I was not able to figure out what to do to scrape them. I used a few python libraries, but they are not returning me. What I want
DAZHI PENG: have you read into the television library?
Jeffrey Feng: I have not.
DAZHI PENG: So it's a software, testing. We we use to automate web browsers. It can similarly user interactions with the website and for phone automated testing to check for errors, performance issues and the functionality.
DAZHI PENG: Try for some of the website you were talking about.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure. Jeffrey's first task will be to read Selenium's documentation, then.
Yooni Choi: So, Jeffrey, have you been using the beautiful soup library.
Jeffrey Feng: Yes, that's one of the Python libraries that I've been using.
Yooni Choi: I kept having installation issues. I don't know what is the issue. My python version might be too old.
Jeffrey Feng: I'll help you with that.
Jeffrey Feng: I guess. Another of Geoffrey's to do. I will be to help you with installation issues. Could you update your python environment before that
Yooni Choi: that would be great. Thank you. You knew all up to your python environment as your task
DAZHI PENG: while you are waiting for Jeffrey to help you. I think you can really into Google. Soup's documentation
Yooni Choi: sounds good to me. You will make sure to read beautiful suit documentation as another thing to go.
DAZHI PENG: Good Jeffrey, could you create a github price? So we can fix the progress of this project.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I can do that. Jeffrey will also put work on creating a Github branch. Then
DAZHI PENG: another simple, both of you to do, Jeffrey and the you need to report the progress tomorrow to me again.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure
Yooni Choi: sounds good to me, Jeffrey. Could we schedule a meeting later? So you can explain your previous code to me. I want to make sure I understand it.
Jeffrey Feng: Yeah, that sounds good. Another task. Jeffrey was scheduled a meeting with you
DAZHI PENG: all right, great and finally for the only task, for now is that he will also add a new member to the team. How about with this project? I will send you all updating a week.
Yooni Choi: Thanks, Doctor.